Nothing is more expensive than bad information. Know the source. OneRadioNetwork.com.
Well, a very pleasant good day to you and welcome back. If you heard the first show
this morning, we are live here. It is April 12th. I'm sorry. It is April 19th, 2021.
April 19th, 2021. My name is Patrick Timpone. Dr. Kerry Made will be here tomorrow, Tuesday,
on the 20th. Dr. Glenn Swarthout, he's a naturopathic fellow in Hawaii. He's really
interesting and he's going to be here on Wednesday and we'll probably have one or two other people
this week that we haven't firmed up as yet. Jennifer Daniels next week. Dr. Shiva is going
to be here next week and we have a whole lineup actually of next week that not at the tip of my
fingertips at the moment, or the tip of my little mind. On the third Monday of each month, we're
honored to have Dr. Ray Peat. He's been at this game of looking at health and healing for a very
long time. Back in the late 1968, he started his work on hormones and did his dissertation in '72.
He's taught in universities, wrote all kinds of papers, and is just a great researcher that we
love talking to him. We always have some good questions. If you have more questions than we
have in, we try to get to them all. It's Patrick@OneRadioNetwork.com. Dr. Peat's up in the
Northwest where you say you're having a little heat wave up there, Doc. Yeah, in the 80s.
Really? That's unusual for you guys? Very unusual for this time of year.
How do you say it, Oregonians or whatever? Are they walking around masking, socialing,
and are they getting out? What's the story up there? Some of them are getting away from it.
I see someone without a mask, but it's still official here. You can see people jogging
with a mask on, no one else, within hundreds of feet. Do you have any sense of it after all this
time, Dr. Peat? We don't know what's going on, what this thing is, what it is and is.
Wearing a mask is helping anybody about anything? What's your sense of that?
There's not really any evidence that it should or does. It could, of course, but
that's a very weak basis for requiring millions of people. Sure. After all this time, do you have
a sense of what's really going on here as far as virus or for China or man-made? What do you think?
So far, I still haven't seen any real evidence of a pandemic. There are lawyers around the world who
are pursuing the government to reveal the scientific basis for the lockdowns and the masks
and all of that. They're keeping it secret if there is any real scientific basis.
Yesterday, I saw that Michael Yeadon, the former Pfizer vice president,
has made another statement. He says the science behind it is so non-existent that he's
accepting that there could be other motives. He says, from what's known about the spike protein
and the RNA so-called vaccines, that it's very probable that they could have long-range
degenerative effects, breaking down organs over coming months and years.
One of the possibilities is that it's intended to depopulate the world.
Yes. And this is a former Pfizer fellow that's saying this?
Yeah, vice president at Pfizer. And then he was co-founder of a biological company, which I think
sold later for $225 million or something. So he's had a lot of experience in work relating to viruses
and vaccines. Was any of this talk from this Pfizer fellow on mainstream at all, have you seen,
or is it just more alternative? Naturally, they censored his videos, but I saw a long talk,
the first one, and people tell me that he's released another video. But when you look him up,
you find on Google about 20 headlines, Michael Yeadon, a former Pfizer employee of fake news.
Oh, fake stuff, yeah.
Putting out many derogatory remarks before you can actually find what he said.
We've heard this term spike protein with this injection. Can you explain just what this is?
Yeah, the workers at North Carolina in the virus department published several papers, a long series
about 10 years ago, on how you can remove the nucleic acid section that describes specifically
the protein that allows the virus to attach to human cell surfaces. So if you inject that into
an animal virus, you can make it stick to a certain receptor on human cells.
And the current coronaviruses contain this adhesive protein, which in the process of making
the virus stick to the surface of our cells, inactivates the protein that it sticks to.
And that protein, the ACE2 enzyme, angiotensin converting enzyme number two, happens to
be the degrading proteolytic enzyme that breaks down angiotensin 2, which is the promoter of
high blood pressure, inflammation, degeneration, and all kinds of bad things in our bodies.
And so ACE, the angiotensin converting enzyme, they found that if you block that,
or if you block the actions of the angiotensin 2, the short peptide, that you can relieve high
blood pressure. And at the same time, it happens to relieve nerve degeneration, they're trying it
out in Alzheimer's disease, kidney disease, muscle wasting, age-related tissue deterioration, muscle
shrinkage, everything that aging and stress has been known to do, hypertension, cancer, and all
of those things are promoted by angiotensin. And so if you block them, you get these very
surprising therapeutic results. And very early, people found that these blood pressure
drugs were therapeutic for the coronavirus-infected people. But the medical establishment
said, "Well, that protein ACE2 enzyme is where the virus sticks. And so if you increase that enzyme,
you're going to make yourself more susceptible to the attachment of the virus." But it happens that
if you don't have an abundance of that enzyme, you will have an overproduction,
oversupply of the pro-inflammatory degenerative angiotensin peptide.
So the medical journals for a while were full of advocacy of promoting the blockage of this
protective enzyme. But the facts turn out the other way. Promoting the ACE2 enzyme turns out
to be a radically important part of defense against infection and symptoms.
So then what are we conjecturing then that the folks that are concerned about this
injection, this jab, that it's doing exactly then?
It's causing our own bodies to start producing this horrible spike protein that knocks out our
basic defensive anti-inflammatory system. And that's the sort of thing that people like Michael
Eden are talking about. Yeah, it's leaving one of the most horrible possible proteins being produced
by us adopting the RNA from the virus so that we become virus-like and produce our own toxic
pro-inflammatory protein.
So that's the reason why there's so many arguments with the 10 pennies around and
Karimati is going to be in tomorrow and so many other people that there could be some really
detrimental long-term effects of this thing.
Yeah, and just out of thin air, people like Fauci say, "Oh, that isn't how the cell works.
The cell can't integrate that in or genes can't keep producing it." Absolutely no evidence for
that.
He just says it.
Yeah, for 50 years, we've known that our bodies have the reverse transcriptase that can integrate
it right into our own genes permanently. And a group at Harvard-MIT a few months ago, almost a
year ago, published in vitro research showing that in fact, human cells can and do incorporate
the vaccine RNA section into the genes of the cell.
So the CDC, Dr. Peat, they've got to know this, right? I mean, aren't these scientists?
Yeah, but if you look at the history going back 100 years of the US Public Health Service
and the CDC, they don't have a good record. If you look at the actual unpublicized things,
experimenting on children going into Guatemala to test dangerous, in fact, orphans, for example,
to experiment on, it's really just something like out of a horror movie, the actual history of the
CDC.
So we've had so many people talk about just vaccines in general over the last 18 months.
And this idea that a vaccine, and I guess the live ones without the adjuvants are safer in theory,
that they disrupt the innate immune system. So do you think that all vaccines do
disrupt the innate immune system? That the one that kind of God-given immune system that we have?
Yeah, to the extent that you over activate the antibody producing system, that sort of the
most superficial, visible part of the immune system that it really derives from the imaginary
side chains that Paul Ehrlich intended to sell his drugs at the beginning of the 20th century.
It's a doctrine that came from the chemical industry that turned into the basis of official
government, corporate description of how immunity works. If you have antibodies supposedly immune,
but meanwhile, actual science was showing that plants have learned immunity. You give them a
trace vaccination and you sensitize the system. And a few days later, that same trace amount that
was harmless can become deadly because you've created an allergy. And that same thing happens
in animals. A trace of something that is harmful, but not deadly can activate an over sensitivity
that causes sickness. And the junk that goes along with any vaccine is a risk. It's where you create
experimental allergies in animal. Experimental animals is to give them a little bit of extraneous
material, wait two weeks, come back and give it again. And you've created an allergic animal.
And so that's one of the side effects of just about any vaccine. And so allergies have been
one of the fastest growing problems in the United States. In our culture, just everywhere. And even
in the animals, we've had natural docs on that have argued that all these little vaccines they
give the animals too, some of them itch. For a couple of years, I had one girl that itched for
about two or three years before she got over it. Just couldn't stop it. Just itched. Wow.
So I guess in theory, from a real God perspective, anything that we would come in contact with,
like the plant that you mentioned, if it doesn't kill us, and generally it's not going to, I guess,
in general, we're going to figure out how to deal with it? I mean, what?
Yeah. All of the whole organism, all the different levels, will adjust and toughen up.
Toughen up. Yeah.
Yeah. So there's not really any part of our organism that isn't involved in immunity and
resistance. The ability to produce energy efficiently is really our most basic immune process.
And that's every cell, everything in our body, this life force that we embody, chi or spirit or
gut, whatever you call it, it's all involved in- Resistance.
Resistance and working with anything that's assaulting it.
Yeah. Sustaining itself.
Sustaining itself. That's what it wants to do, right?
Yeah. That's what it wants to do.
And there are two well-known, well, counterculture researchers, Polly Matzinger with the danger
theory of immunity and Jamie Cunliffe with the damage theory of immunity. Cunliffe specifically
says that our immune system isn't aimed at viruses and germs. It's aimed at restoring
our own mechanism, maintaining the life process. And that when something damages the tissue, the
body goes into a repair process. And that includes things like antibodies, that in the process of
removing the damaged tissue and creating a repair, integral tissue and organism, in that process,
the antibodies will take away any bacteria or virus that happened to be involved in damaging
the tissue. But the aim of the organism is self-sustaining and repair and maintenance,
not trying to predict any future microorganism that might get into us.
So is this an argument for not to mess with these bodies as little as possible?
Yeah. In general?
In Africa, the poverty and climate, a very humid, hot climate supports lots of
possible parasites and infections combined with poverty, as exposed the population to
lots of challenges. And when we're looking at the so-called AIDS epidemic in Africa,
turned out that almost everyone had the apparent AIDS or HIV exposure. But the
really convincing explanation of that was that their immune systems had been overburdened
and weakened. The self-maintaining and restoring processes had been weakened. And
the appearance of the extreme degree of infection with the HIV virus was really just a reflection of
general tissue injury. So they were weakened because of lack of nutrition?
Yeah. And a tough, just a way to live, whatever, be, I don't know, sanitation and things like that
in poverty. Yeah. And several big studies have experimented just adding a vitamin D supplement,
and some others just a vitamin A supplement. And either one of those has made a drastic difference
in the background level of infection. Interesting.
Far better than vaccine campaigns. Wow. So then that's why so many people
in Africa technically had the AIDS virus and why they were given
these drugs that many people argue is what killed a lot of people.
Yeah. Peter Grysberg proposed that. He said that his experience with viruses, he was really the
pioneer in a lot of virology ideas. He said he didn't see any way that the HIV could create
immunodeficiency. And so the reaction was to stop granting him research support and to stop inviting
him to conferences so he couldn't speak publicly.
Wow. Fascinating lives. So if you're back 50 years ago and starting a family,
would you vaccinate a kid for measles, mumps, rubella and all that? What would you do?
No, no, no. When I was a kid, these issues were just like now. There was a counterculture.
And in the 1940s and 50s, there were people warning about the dangers, warning about polio.
There are many publications all the way back to the beginning of the 20th century
showing that injecting anything into the muscle, even vitamins injected intramuscularly,
preceded the outbreaks of paralytic polio.
Preceded the outbreaks, right?
Yes, the injections.
When they looked at the kids that came down with paralysis, for example, in a particular leg or arm,
it would turn out that that had been the site of some kind of injection, vitamin injections or
vaccinations. Wow. And there's people out there arguing that DDT played a role in this whole polio
thing. Do you know anything about that? DDT?
Yeah. Oh, sure.
Oh, sure. It damages. It's an estrogenic substance.
And one of the things that the spike protein does, creating increased
androtensin. Androtensin increases estrogen. It activates the aromatase enzyme as well as the
prostaglandin synthesis enzyme. Then prostaglandin in turn activates aromatase,
starts a whole cascade towards producing more estrogen. And so androtensin and
estrogen symptoms turn out to be very parallel. And so DDT or the various plasticizers
that are filling the environment now, these have strong estrogen-like effects.
And so they overlap with the effects of the virus.
So all these poisons, maybe Roundup or any kind of poison, toxins,
these are turning out to be really the chief culprits with what we call disease.
Yeah. Weakening the restorative energetic system.
Weakening the restorative androgenic system?
Energetic.
Energetic system. Okay. What we were talking about, Dr. Chi, the life force that weakens it.
Yeah.
Weakens it. Which is what happens when we eventually die, right? The life force gets so low
when we just die, right?
That's what I've been writing about in my newsletters the last several months.
Oh, really?
What is it that causes us to gradually or more or less suddenly, after about 70 or 80 years to-
To just die.
Yeah. Start having a collapse of that restorative energy system.
And basically I've been arguing that it's the accumulative effects of adapting to defective
systems. So one of the things you can see in the environment is the altitude effect.
When you're at low altitude, where most people live along the coast, the oxygen pressure is
much, much higher than the developing embryo and fetus experience.
And at the same time, that high oxygen tension at sea level drives out our CO2 that we produce,
but that the gestating fetus can retain being enclosed in the uterus.
The oxygen is much lower and the CO2 much, much higher.
And that balance favors the fantastic development from one cell to this high metabolizing big-brained
baby at birth with a metabolic rate two or three times higher than an older individual.
So this extreme support for perfect development, preventing scarring if there's a tissue injury
during gestation, the high CO2, low oxygen tension prevents the formation of scar tissue.
But once you get out in this excessively oxygenated environment,
injuries tend to form scar tissue rather than good maintenance, complete repair.
So where the highly energized, vital, young and resistant system produces tissue restoration
without scarring, the weaker you are, the poorer your nutrition or the more toxic exposures,
the more likely you are to replace good tissue that's injured with more or less scar tissue.
- Scar tissue, wow.
- And aging consists of a shift from vital functioning cells to fibrotic
inflammation, scar-like tissues.
- But it doesn't seem like it's really a natural process, aging.
I mean, aren't we kind of wired up to live happily and scar-free for a lot longer than
we are doing as a culture?
- Yeah, I think one of the things that causes that is that our environment now has too much
oxygen, not enough carbon dioxide.
- Uh-huh, yeah, yeah.
How can we retain more carbon dioxide?
- Moving to 8,000 or 9,000 feet.
- 8,000 feet, there you go.
- Yeah, Leadville, Colorado, if you can adapt to it.
- Wow.
- The heart disease, cancer and dementia rate, every 1,000 feet higher you live in altitude,
the lower the cancer and heart disease.
- Is that right?
So just because more CO2 is retained, so when we exercise, how can we...
- We're raising...
- We're actually getting rid of CO2, right?
- If it's bad exercise.
- Bad exercise.
What would be good exercise in your opinion?
- Anything that raises your body temperature.
It turns out that the good exercise that has prolonged effects is anything that raises your
body temperature by muscle heat production.
And they've compared exercise to just warming the body and you get the same anti-inflammatory,
anti-heart disease effects, anti-cancer effects and so on, just by getting your body temperature
up, which good exercise does.
- And in your opinion, good exercise is?
- Heat producing.
- Heat producing, which would be examples?
- Muscle-resistant exercise.
- Lifting weights.
- Lifting weights or walking.
- Walking.
- Or running in short bursts, but it's the prolonged,
breathless kind of exercise where you become very hypocathletic, very deficient in carbon dioxide.
- So if we can figure out how to exercise without not breathing, or breathing normally,
or not even breathing as much, then we're doing good, right?
Because we're not getting rid of carbon dioxide.
- Yeah, you're increasing carbon dioxide.
- You're increasing, right.
- And that decreases the inflammatory production of lactic acid.
- And we can do that as our heart and our muscles and blood vessels get stronger, right?
- Mm-hmm.
- Right, then we can retain more of that carbon dioxide.
- Yeah, and the muscle adaptation to exercise increases the volume of the muscle
and the ability of the muscle to produce protective steroid hormones
rather than destructive estrogenic hormones.
- Fascinating.
So that's why so many of those people, remember early on, Doc, when the whole
jogging thing was like the rage, right?
And boy, these guys were dropping like flies, you know?
They were, well, not like flies, but you know, I guess the most famous guy was James Fix.
And he was running, you know, 25 miles at a time.
But don't those folks down in Africa, don't, well, maybe they don't run for 25 miles, right?
They probably just walk a lot.
- Yeah, and in areas of northern Mexico, there are people who have to travel 20 or 30 miles a day.
And they do it at a rate that they, besides it's at a high altitude.
So the high altitude makes it possible to be more active once you're adapted.
- Yeah.
- And still retain your CO2.
- We heard from Stephanie Seneff, she's got a new book out, Doc, on glyphosates.
And she says that Mexico is going to be completely banning incoming and outgoing
glyphosates in the next two or three years.
- Very good.
- Interesting, right?
Wow.
- Yeah.
- We may need to move down there.
You know, I just wanted to give a quick little heads up, because remember I told you that,
oh, I guess about six months ago, after talking to you, I thought, well, maybe I'll get a little
bit of this, you know, thyroid thing from this place in Mexico that you plugged, you know,
because I looked at the TSA, well, maybe I need something.
So I didn't, you know, didn't get it.
And it showed up somewhere in Chicago.
I got a letter from the FDA.
And, you know, they said, you can't have it because whatever, you know.
So I just thought it was God's way of saying, I don't need it.
And my thyroid's fine.
But I just wanted to tell you it was kind of good news because about a month ago, I got a phone
call from these people in Mexico.
Is that, what was the name of the place?
Is that Pharmaco?
What's the one?
- Pharmacio Del Nino.
- Yeah, yeah.
And they were very nice.
And they said, well, we got your thyroid thing back.
And would you like it or would you like your money back?
So I just want to throw that out there because they're a very reputable company.
I mean, they didn't have to do that.
I would have never known, right?
So it's pretty good.
- Yeah, quite a few people have sent them cash and envelope and get their order.
- And they get their order.
So it seems like it is a, what's the name of the pharma, say it again?
- Pharmacio Del Nino.
- Yeah, Pharmacio Del Nino.
- Yeah.
- Yeah, so that's a reputable company at any rate.
Doc, stay right there.
Let's do a quick little break here.
And then we'll get into some emails for Dr. Ray Peat, who's here on the third Wednesday,
a third Monday of every month on oneradionetwork.com.
Here's a great product if you've never tried it.
Previously with Daniel Vitalis, we were talking about pine pollen.
- Pollen is essentially the equivalent of what an animal would have as sperm.
Pollen is like the male part, the semen.
And it fertilizes the ovum of the flower, which becomes eventually a fruit.
And so if we were going to draw the equivalence, it would be like that the flower is like the
female sex organ and the pollen is like the male sexual ejaculate.
Well, pine trees, which sort of just dominate so much of the landscape of North America and
so much of the world, pine trees, their semen, they dust the landscape in pollen.
And that pollen being the sort of male part of the plant has some correspondences to
male physiology in our species and many other animal species.
So what I'm saying is pine pollen contains all of these different anabolic androgenic hormones.
Plant versions of hormones that we need like testosterone, like DHEA.
- Well, the birds and the bees and the flowers and the trees.
Good stuff, guys, and for you girls too.
Several choices of pine pollen, any Sir Thrive will link, oneradionetwork.com.
And right along with that is another great company that we love.
I just ordered some more of their products.
I use a lot of both of these.
Pine pollen, I love it.
And also Shen Blossom, if you look on their website, go through One Radio Network,
you'll see things like goji, schizandra, ho-shu-wu, turmeric formulas, velvet pearl,
deer antler, wild purple reishi, wild premium grade ginseng extract, 50-year-old ginseng,
hello, medicinal mushroom formulas, goji berry formulas.
Now these folks are made exquisitely by Brandon Amelani.
I mean, they're just the real deal, baby.
They are the real deal.
And he doesn't fool around with anything that's going to even come close to your body not liking,
for they're all food-based, herb-based, mushroom, these kinds of things.
The Max Planck Institute organization said many years ago that you don't want to put
anything in your body unless it's from a real, once living source.
I think that's kind of true, but what do I know?
It's Shen Blossom.
It's a great product.
They're all in my ring glass on OneRadioNetwork.com.
Shen Blossom, OneRadioNetwork.com.
About a month ago, I purchased an Air Doctor, air filter machine from our website.
I clicked on it just like you do.
Yeah, I paid for them too.
And it's really interesting.
It's a wonderful unit.
I think it's been two months now.
And it's a little bit bigger than what would be a classic Dell computer, you know, tower unit.
A little bit thicker, a little bit taller.
Extremely quiet.
It's all automatic.
You can cook a little bacon up there and all of a sudden the smoke will come up and, you know,
the fumes from the bacon and all of a sudden you'll hear your little air purifier maybe 20 feet away.
It'll just crank up its fan and just work harder a little bit until it gets all the smoke and
everything out and then it turns back to normal.
It's got little lights on it.
You don't have to do anything.
So quiet.
It'll tell you when you need to change the filters that are incredibly easy to filter,
change, it gets rid of all kinds of stuff.
100% stuff of stuff that you just don't want.
Toxic chemicals, things in the air.
Who knows?
Since we've been opening the windows here because of the weather,
every now and then I'll hear it just not cooking.
It'll just kind of turn on for five minutes or so.
Maybe there's something coming in from some pollen or something that it thinks
I shouldn't breathe.
I don't have an issue but, you know, maybe it's smarter than I am.
I don't know.
So it gets rid of it.
And very clever, very interesting technology.
Extremely quiet.
It's called the Air Doctor.
It's on the front page of oneradionetwork.com.
I think you'll enjoy it if you've been thinking about getting an air purifier in your home.
Very, very well constructed.
Classy unit.
Just so pleased to be able to talk about them.
We are listener supported.
One Radio Network.
We talked with Dr. Ray Peat.
It is rayPeat.com.
You can get his newsletter, which is rayPeatsnewsletter.com, right?
No, at gmail.
At gmail.com, yeah.
Ray Peat's newsletter at gmail.com.
And your latest one you've been talking about of why we die?
Basically, that isn't the title, but it's looking at the process of adapting badly.
Adapting bad.
And how great a factor do you think it is
when people get to be around 60, 70, 80 or whatever,
and start to think that they don't have much to live for, right?
I don't know.
It's got to be huge on the organism, isn't it?
Yeah.
Animal experiments show that isolation or the creation of hopelessness,
the expectation that you don't have a future,
that very process, simple isolation,
turns on the pro-inflammatory processes,
creates tissue inflammation, accelerating tissue degeneration.
Just the idea that, "Well, I don't have much going on.
I don't know what I'm going to do.
Maybe I'll watch TV."
It's just going to damage the tissues.
Yeah, it turns down the energy system and raises the inflammation process.
Wow.
Isn't that fascinating, huh?
Yeah, fascinating.
It's part of the adaptive process.
If you don't intend to keep adapting to interesting, exciting stuff, then...
New stuff, right?
Yeah.
So, if we're telling our body that we're not interested in adapting,
we're just going to, I don't know, go hide or something or escape,
it's...
The body will get weaker?
Yeah, it accommodates the process and turns down your interest and ability to keep adapting.
And then what would be the opposite end of that,
of some folks, and we've all been through it, I guess,
we could go through a hypochondriac kind of stage of trying to do so much stuff
that that could work in the opposite way too, right?
Because we get afraid of stuff.
Uh, yeah, yeah.
That's a part of the same process.
Same process.
Looking at the body as a machine rather than as a self with plans.
As a self with plans?
Yeah.
Yeah, that's great.
Okay, you want to take some emails?
Okay.
Okay, here we go.
Dr. Peat, many herbalists and naturopaths recommend the herb milk thistle for liver health and repair.
I find online that is estrogenic, so no surprise that it knocks down my libido each time I've used
it. Hmm, as an alternative, I started using NAC for liver protection.
I know that cysteine is one of the amino acids that Dr. Peat cautions against getting too much of.
So what does he recommend to protect the liver from, say, alcohol abuse or prescription drugs
and living on planet Earth without affecting my libido?
In experiments with alcohol toxicity, alcohol exposure creates basically a fatty, scarred
liver. The immediate antidote to alcohol poisoning of the liver or other tissues is fructose.
There have been people saying fructose is poison like alcohol, but in fact, it's the opposite.
It's an antidote to alcohol poisoning. And so fat metabolism doesn't produce as much
carbon dioxide as sugar or starch metabolism. And so as long as you can keep oxidizing starch and
sugar effectively, you're producing the protective carbon dioxide. And anything that makes you
shift the balance away from oxidation and carbon dioxide is harmful. And too much
reductive balance, if you look at the niacin-related metabolites, NADH and NAD,
the healthy oxidizing cell has a higher ratio of NAD to the reduced NADH.
But a lot of the whole 70 or 80 years of thinking about the dangers of oxidative peroxidation
started with the realization that polyunsaturated fatty acids oxidize spontaneously
and cause toxic effects. So this whole culture of fearing oxidation and wanting
antioxidant processes or reductive processes have promoted the idea that things like
reducing agents like cysteine or glutathione has been a big thing. Inject glutathione because it's
a so powerfully antioxidant. But in fact, the reductive stress turns out to be the real
harm done even by what they thought was oxidative stress. Because when you fail to oxidize vigorously,
the excess electrons find their way to iron atoms, for example, that have been harmless.
The electron excess turns the iron into an oxidative destructive center.
So the tendency to fail to oxidize turns on the process of random destructive oxidation.
And substances like the flavonoids that you find in fruits and vegetables and milk,
if the cow has been eating well, these bioflavonoids activate the cells oxidative processes.
Even though they had been sold as reductants and dioxins, their effect on the cell is to increase
oxidation of the good sort and to consume electrons faster. And by that, to reduce the
random destructive oxidation. And so if you just put in more cysteine or more glutathione
or even too much vitamin C, the vitamin C that's effective and working in the cell
is as a pro-oxidant. It's dehydroascorbate that works in the healthy cell. Cancer cells shift
to a reduced form of all of these things, glutathione, cysteine,
ascorbic acid itself rather than dehydroascorbate. So the healthy tissue is on the balance
continuously slightly oxidizing process. - So that's why you've never been a big fan of just
doing lots of vitamin C or any vitamin C really? - No, Linus Pauling pointed out that
the gorillas, for example, who can't synthesize vitamin C the same as people,
they on their natural diet are consuming about 4,000 milligrams of vitamin C a day.
All of the animals on a natural diet have consumed the equivalent of 3,000 or 4,000
milligrams of vitamin C just in ordinary foods, milk, meat, eggs, all of those things. If the
animal was alive, it was producing its own vitamin C. - But it's out of food and not from
like ascorbic acid. - Yeah, if you put in too much ascorbic acid, you can run the risk. Same with
intravenous injections of glutathione. Any strong excess of a reductant in the bloodstream can
create oxidative damage. For example, an experiment, a free radical chemist
was testing the reagent grade purest available vitamin C, much higher standards than USP vitamin
C, put a gram of that in a liter of ultra-distilled water and found in an apparatus to measure free
radicals that it was producing from the vitamin C and whatever trace metals were contaminating the
highly purified vitamin C that in distilled water, it was producing free radicals at the rate
that a killing dose of x-rays would produce. Just the slightest trace of iron, for example,
that was the particular metal that the free radical chemist identified reacting with the
ascorbic acid. And in your body, when you have an excess of reduced vitamin C taken in, it finds
copper and iron and that reacting couple will inevitably find some polyunsaturated fat
to make rancid instantly. So the combination of a trace of iron or copper plus vitamin C
plus fat creates extreme lipid peroxidation. - So is that an argument for maybe giving blood
now and again to get rid of some of that excess iron if we have it? - Oh, yeah, that's one of the
benefits. - To give some blood. So that's where the whole bloodletting thing at one point came from?
- Years ago. - It turns out to just, people felt better after donating blood very often.
They experimented on animals and found that old decrepit dogs, for example, could be rejuvenated by
exchanging, taking the blood out, washing it, putting the red blood cells back in without the
serum and doing that repeatedly. Washing the blood removed a lot of their aged qualities.
And if you join the circulatory systems of an old rat and the young rat, the old rat's life is
extended while the young rat goes through its lifespan. - Going back to the fructose, so is that
one of the reasons, Dr. Ray Pied, why you're such a fan of orange juice? - Yeah, but the flavonoids
are another. - And that's in milk, right? - Orange juice and milk are very safe ways to get
very high intake of the bioflavonoids. - Bioflavonoids. So where did all this stuff
come about that we should be drinking milk over the years? I mean,
wow, where'd all that come from? Anti-milk stuff. Yeah, it's crazy, isn't it? - Yeah,
my aunt was a nurse trained in the 1920s and '30s, and she was indoctrinated to not breastfeed.
- Really? Not breastfeed? Wow. - And that was a big medical thing that
there was some kind of supposedly biological stigma against breastfeeding, and so they were
feeding them artificial milk. And the idea of making milk out of seeds, almonds, soybeans,
and so on, developed out of that baby food culture, turning it over to industry rather than the mother.
- You said, oh, go ahead. - That developed, I think it has
Freudian implications in the motivation that people are so fearful of milk.
- You had mentioned earlier about well-fed cows, so are we just talking about
grass-fed because of not grass-fed, you just don't know what they're eating?
- Yeah, fresh grass has the most, the highest content of flavonoids. Hay is fairly good,
so dried grass still has lots of stuff. A highly grain-concentrated diet is the worst.
- And you can actually, if you don't have a source locally, you can actually get,
I've seen organic grass-fed milk at Whole Foods. I mean, you can actually buy it if you want.
- Mm-hmm, yep. - You can buy it if you want.
- And the flavonoids are a great virtue. - Are in there. So that's another good
argument to find grass-fed butter, like the ones we get from Ireland.
- Exactly, even butter will contain these flavonoids.
- Ben wants to know, he's 71, Dr. Peat, he wants to know best regime to increase low testosterone
and gain more muscle. So he's 71, but he's not going anywhere, he wants more muscle and more
testosterone. Your fave things? - Yeah, shift the diet away from fats to
some extent. Increase the carbohydrates. - Carbohydrates?
- Especially, yeah, orange juice is just the best. Any carbohydrate is better than more fat.
- Really? So many people say fats are so good for us, but talk about that a bit.
- The saturated fats, going back to Hans Selye's experiments in which the rapeseed oil was
considered to be heart-toxic, so they developed canola oil with, I think it was a rucic acid
that was reduced, but Hans Selye showed that it was linoleic acid, which is still too high in
canola oil. He showed that the high polyunsaturated fats were what were causing heart cell death.
It would slice up the rat's heart after they had eaten a high PUFA diet and find dead heart cells
all through the tissue. But then he fed them, besides the same amount, he didn't reduce the
PUFA, but he added a lot of cocoa butter, which is very high in sturic acid, and just getting the
highly saturated long-chain fat to balance and protect against the PUFA, he eliminated the heart
death. - So, be good for us to have a little
cocoa butter, you can actually buy that too. - Yeah, I just got some of a deodorized, the
odor stuff sometimes can be very allergenic, so you want to test chocolate or cocoa butter.
- And that's just made, it's kind of white, isn't it, Doc? And it's just made from cacao,
or we're all chocolate, right? - Yeah, if you have the unrefined
cocoa butter, it's white, but it tastes like chocolate, so you can make a white chocolate.
- And you can put those in your smoothies too, right? If you want to make fruit smoothies?
- Yeah, but it's important to check for allergenicity of even natural cocoa, because
the different ways that it's fermented and prepared can cause allergies.
- So, back on the mussels, and the more, you say more carbs, does that include
rice or pasta too, for mussels, or not? Are you just talking about more fruit?
- Fruit is higher in the protective flavonoids. The grains are very low in them.
But then the protein should be adequate. You don't want too much of the methyl donors.
The age-promoting amino acids are mostly cysteine and methionine, so you want just a moderate amount
of those. And then the type of muscle activity, like using dumbbells and squats, just a few of
those, like 10 repetitions of dumbbells and 10 squats or sit-ups, will build muscle volume.
- And then what about animal fats, pork fat or beef fat and things like that?
- Beef fat is rich in stearic acid and monounsaturated, which are safe. Pork fat
can go all the way up into the 30% linoleic acid, which is very age-promoting. But there's
one pork farm in Maryland that has experimented feeding a good high-carbohydrate diet to their
pigs, and they got their PUFA content all the way down to 4%, where beef fat sometimes is as high
as 3%. So their pork was very competitive with beef for safety and high stearic acid content.
- So the pigs that are fed maybe GMO corn and other stuff could be a real issue, but if you
find a farmer that's doing more vegetarian and more fruit and vegetables and stuff, it could
just be fine. - Yeah.
- Yeah. That's cool, man. So smoothies are good for us, right? Fruit smoothies?
- Yeah, as long as you don't put raw seeds and nuts and raw vegetables in them.
- And all that stuff. Yeah. You don't need all that stuff.
"What's the best thing we can do," writes Carol, "for a system that is usually alkaline?"
Oh, I guess she's feeling she's too alkaline. Are vegetables okay?
- Yeah, cooked vegetables are a way of getting your well-balanced carbohydrates, but
proteins are the main thing that acidifies our system. So if your urine is slightly acidic,
you're much less likely to get kidney stones than a high alkaline diet. So the people on a
very vegan or excessively vegetarian diet tend to get a lot of kidney stones because the
material crystallizes and deposits at a higher pH.
- I see. So our urine wants to be more in the 5-6 range.
- Yeah. And exercise-producing carbon dioxide is one of the things that will help to keep your
blood and urine slightly on the acidic side. Well, not acidic for the blood, but the less alkaline
system, higher carbon dioxide, slight tendency towards hypercapnia is highly protective to all
of your cells. - We're with Dr. Ray Peat. He's here on the
third Monday of every month. You can go on our website and see all the different interviews,
fascinating, good material. RayPeat.com, his newsletter, Ray Peat's newsletter at gmail.com.
It's very affordable. You can email that email and he'll set you up and get his newsletter.
Here's an interesting question, Dr. Peat, from Ryan on this 19th day of April. "My girlfriend's
cycle has shortened to three weeks the last couple of months. Lots of unvaccinated women are
apparently reporting this recently after their friends have got vaccinated." What? "Could they be
passing anything from the vaccinating? Many coincidences, but a lot of people are talking
about any scientific reasoning behind this." - People have been contacting me about that.
- Yeah, and I've seen stories too. Now, is it possible these vaccine-injected people
are shedding something to girls? - It's an obvious possibility.
People haven't done testing of swabs of their skin or condensing their exhaled breath and so on,
but it's a very definite possibility that exactly as the virus can be
exhaled or put into the sweat and urine, the vaccine obviously can go the same route.
The spike protein by knocking out ACE2 enzyme increases enthotensin. Enthotensin increases
aromatase and estrogen and prostaglandins. Estrogen and prostaglandins are deeply involved
in regulating the menstrual cycle, creating PMS and dysmenorrhea, amenorrhea,
changing of the length of the cycle and so on. - And you have been contacted by ladies that are
experiencing some shortened cycles? - Yeah, just recently. - Just recently. So, is it possible that
people getting this injection could actually breathe out stuff we don't want or share it?
- It's logically just as possible as with the viral material. Our breath contains the most surprising
assortment of chemicals, peptides, bits of nucleic acid, exactly the sort of
thing that could carry virus-like fragments of RNA. You can even find isoprene in exhaled breath.
- Well, this is crazy. Maybe we'll get to the point where all the unvaccinated people
have some kind of a passport showing how healthy they are or something.
- Yeah, that's implied by people like Michael Eden. - Yeah, this could be where we're going.
Wouldn't it be something if all ended up like that a few years from now? My goodness. Well,
here's, let's see. Hi, Dr. Peat. I know that you've mentioned Zach Bush in a past show.
He makes a product called Ion Gut Health. The ingredients are aqueous humic substances. Do
you think there could be any value in taking this? - No. Humic substances are just a component of
dirt, which it's probably harmless. - Yeah, probably harmless. So,
people have been arguing that actually if you had an organic garden, you don't necessarily have to
wash the vegetables that well. Do you think that's true? - That's true.
- Is it? You get a little bit of good stuff in there? - Yeah, a little dirt is completely harmless.
- Kids eat dirt all the time, right? My wife's recent CAT scan with no contrast showed a mild
mucosal thickening on the right side of the sphenoid sinus. Should she be concerned? If so,
what would you suggest from Henry? - Allergies will cause a thickening.
Something you ate getting into the blood, the endotoxin from bad digestion will circulate
through your body, causing sinus membranes, nasal membranes, lungs, everything to thicken up.
And have symptoms of inflammation, itching, burning, all of the inflammatory symptoms.
- We're with Dr. Ray Peat. This is the 19th of April. Next week, Dr. Jennifer Daniels,
is a lady who's going to talk about the illusionary benefits of the fourth industrial revolution
that is being promoted by the World Economic Forum. Also, Dr. Shiva, you've heard of him,
Forest Rivers, who's talking about how this is a great awakening. Just hold on, it's going to be
okay. And Richard Mayberry is going to be here. So we have a full week for you next week. Here's
an email. Is cultured butter a health asset? What about kefir? - Oh, kefir is probably okay
if it isn't very sour. If it has too much lactic acid, a large, like drinking a pint of it, can
upset your liver and give you a headache. So you just have to be cautious with the quantity and the
acid content. But there's really no benefit from culturing butter. They add strange industrial
microorganisms byproducts to change the flavor, I guess. But butter itself, just the pure,
fresh form that condenses when you shake up slightly sour milk, the milk, if it's naturally
soured, has bacteria culture in it. - Do you think there's any, if you have raw,
say grass-fed milk, a goat or cow, that you can just leave it up on the counter in room
temperature and let it do stuff? Does that make good things? - Yeah, that's the way we would make
cottage cheese, for example. And if you want to make butter, you can let it stand for a few hours
and still have sweet butter. But the idea of buttermilk was because if you left it out
for eight or 10 hours, it would start growing bacteria. The bacteria would fall in from the air
even if they didn't come from the cow. And the souring milk would create a faster making of the
butter. - Is goat milk close to being benefited as cow milk, similar? - Yeah, and largely it's the
diet. - It's a diet. - Goats prefer grazing on leaves and are more reluctant to eat stuff like
a high-grain-based diet. And so their milk will have a lot more of the flavonoids than the average
grain-fed cow milk. - Do you think if you had a goat or a cow that was eating genetically modified
or just glyphosate-laden food, which a lot of the corn and stuff is, that could be an issue?
- Oh, for sure. - For sure, you don't want to do that, right? - No. - Okay, Mike wants to know,
"Recent studies show the anti-inflammatory benefits of specialized pro-resolving mediators, SPMs,
which are cell signaling subclass of omega-3 PUFAs." I know Dr. Peat stands on PUFAs,
but is there a place for using SPMs in managing inflammation? - A couple of researchers,
one of them named Sethi, S-E-T-H-I, traced the fate of DHA and EPA after they were ingested,
and he found that by the time they reached the bloodstream, they were mostly oxidized and
breaking down into other substances such as those. And it's those oxidized products that are so
immunosuppressive, and you can call immunosuppression an anti-inflammatory and
resolving function. I think it's a dangerous way to resolve inflammation. I think of it as
sort of analogous to the old treatment of arthritis with radioactive water.
You can knock down inflammation with radiation. They used to treat acne with x-rays.
- With x-rays? - Yeah, you can temporarily
reduce inflammation with high PUFA content or oxidized fragments, or you can create the
oxidized fragments quickly with x-rays. But the long-range effect is that you had a destroyed
face and head from the x-ray treatment. - So oxidation of the biomolecules,
it's really, this is where disease began, starts, this is the action?
- Part of, yeah. It's a suppressive energy-lowering process.
- So all these poisons and chemicals and anything, this is what one of the chief causes?
Toxins of oxidative, oxidation? - Yeah, it slows down oxidative
energy production and we compensate by increasing the glycolytic lactic acid processes that
shift the whole organism towards degeneration. - The lactic, and that is tied in sometimes to
myocardial infarctions and heart stuff with too much lactic acid, right?
- Yeah, it in itself shifts cells in that same direction, so it's a self-promoting
degenerative factor. - Dr. Cowan, who talks about the
over-lactation of the heart muscles especially, likes this herb from Brazil,
strophanthus. Have you heard about that one? I don't know how to pronounce it properly.
Do you know that? - No, what was the last one?
- I'll have to get the proper name of it, but it's a climbing vine out of Brazil that cuts down--
- Oh, strophanthus? - Yeah, that's it, sorry, I couldn't
pronounce it. How do you pronounce it? - Strophanthus is the plant and strophanthus
is the chemical, but it's also called the same substance, it's called wabane.
- Wabane, yes. - And it's a steroid glycoside that we make.
It's an intrinsic natural adrenal and brain steroid in ourselves, and so the right,
in aging metabolism, a slight, very, very small supplement of that can be therapeutic.
It's similar to digitalis. - Yes, yeah.
- Digitalis has, for example, some anti-cancer effects, but our natural version of it is
strophanthus or wabane. - Wabane, yeah. And yeah, he says he said
he's been using it for many years with no ill effects and just a few drops, you know, maybe,
interesting. And doesn't it do something with the pyruvate or in the body? It actually turns
lactic acid into? - It stimulates our natural oxidative
healthy processes. - Pretty cool. That's great.
What foods increase carbon dioxide? Sugar? Oranges? - Yeah, orange juice is a great.
- The best one. Such an orange juice guy you are. Do you drink a lot of it?
- Yeah. - No question there. I just drink a lot of
oranges. - In Mexico, where sweet oranges are cheap
and easy to get, as fast as I could get them, I would juice them and always have lots of juice.
- Wow. Does Dr. Peat have an opinion on the blood flow restriction training
biohack to build muscles, which uses a lactic, oh, I've seen those, which uses lactic bands
that you put on your arms. People have always got these contraptions, Doc, that put your arms
above your biceps or around your legs above the thighs, cuts down the blood flow. And as you
exercise with those relatively low weights, a lot of reps and several sets, the body responds by
producing a lot of lactic acid as though you were exercising with massive weights. And so you kind
of get the drift of this. What do you think about that?
- Yeah, injuring the muscle will make it grow, but that's the extent of it. You're still hurting the
whole organism. - Ah, so what you're doing is you're
actually damaging the muscle and it might make it bigger, but it's for the whole organism, isn't that
good? - Yeah. They've looked at the mitochondria
of old people, which are much less efficient than young people's mitochondria. And then they had
them do only concentric exercise, only contraction against resistance, no extension of the muscle
under force. And with just a few weeks of exercise, they had created new, young-like mitochondria
in these old people. And it's the eccentric exercise, like walking or running downhill
or letting a weight down rather than lifting it, extending the muscle, stretching the muscle
under resistance. That's the eccentric, muscle-damaging kind of activity that causes
the most muscle growth. So if you want big muscles but not necessarily such good health,
you can do eccentric muscle-tearing exercises. - That's tearing, right, when you're doing--
- Yeah, microscopic tearing damage. - You know, Doc, I've been doing some really
deep stretching, a lot of it, the last three months, and my legs and body never felt stronger,
my muscles. And that's just what it's doing, right? If you're stretching, right? If you're
stretching. - Yeah, it's mostly the activation of the muscle.
- The activation of the muscle. But there's no resistance to it. I'm just really stretching,
stretching, stretching. - Yeah, you don't want to force
elongation of the muscle against resistance. - Right. That would be counterproductive that way.
- Yeah, yeah. - Here's Dana for Dr. Peat. Dana, she has no
thyroid. And since a person with no thyroid has to take a full replacement dose, which can be very
by person, I suppose, what does he see as a probable, the minimum of taking Sinoplus,
and how to best take it? He has said the body would naturally produce or could use three to
four milligrams per hour. If you take more than that per hour, is it going to end up in reverse
T3? It is hard to be on a one-hour schedule with thyroid medication all day, every day.
- Yeah, you can usually get by taking it with a meal. The meal will delay the absorption,
so it's more or less natural in the way it's absorbed by the cells a little bit with each meal.
And the overall total amount that you need, animal studies as well as human,
show that in a northern climate where you have winter weather and summer weather,
the requirement for thyroid can be four times as high during the winter.
- Wow, four times. - I found year after year that
where I needed only a half a grain of armor thyroid, which would be a fourth of a tablet of
Sinoplus, I would need two whole grains of armor or one whole tablet of Sinoplus during the winter
months. Animals pretty much are the same. And so you have to be alert to changing according not
only to the season but your activity level and diet. When I have to do yard work in warm weather,
I stop taking thyroid for a day or so so that I can be more physically active
and not produce too much heat. - Interesting. Rose has been hypo for over 30 years on synthroid
the whole time. She says, "I've had numerous medical things happening in my body,
but I have no idea of who I could contact or get a holistic doctor. Does Ray Peat have any
ideas of where I can start here? Because I'm confused." - Yeah, Mary Schulman years ago had
a good international list, but now they don't have the patient comments anymore that helped you
guide yourself to which doctor you wanted. But if you ask around enough, you might be able to find
a doctor who recognizes that women in particular tend to have problems because estrogen interferes
with the conversion of thyroxine to the active hormone T3. So women always are more dependent on
the actual preformed T3 and very often get an antithyroid effect from over-accumulating the
pure thyroxine because the liver is our main source of conversion to the active hormone.
And estrogen, the average woman will have a sluggish liver for the conversion or for
detoxifying alcohol, for example. So women get drunk more easily usually than men because of the
estrogen slowdown of the liver. And if a person is depending on the liver as their main source of T3,
if they have had a thyroid gland removed, then their liver becomes the main source of T3
and it just can't do the work. Supplementing selenium or having seafood every week,
the selenium allows our peripheral tissues to convert some of the T4 to T3. But if you
have that problem of not proper reaction to the T4, then you simply need to have a product
that supplements some T3. - Gloria says, this is interesting,
"My dog has several lipomas and my natural vet suggested it's really a function of the liver.
I heard Dr. Peat a little while ago talk about liver function and more fructose. What kind of
fructose could I give my dog?" I mean, yeah, what could you do with your doggies and more liver
health? - Dogs like fruit.
- Do they? - Yeah. We had a cocker spaniel
when the cherry tree had low-hanging cherries. - So you do?
- They would step on their hind leg to graze on the cherries.
- So would you do like just cut pieces of apple and things like that for your dog and see if they
like them? - Applesauce, for example.
- Interesting. - Sort of more digestible.
- Yeah, I never even thought about that. Vince says, "This sounds counterintuitive,
but please explain how sugar could actually help reverse type 2 diabetes."
- Well, I have articles on my website about two doctors in France and England in late 19th century
who cured type 1 diabetes, the most deadly quick-acting wasting disease, by letting them
eat all the sugar they craved and within just two or three weeks stopping the stress of inability
to use glucose by letting them eat huge amounts of sugar, cured them, let their pancreas recover.
Sugar supports the survival and the formation of pancreatic beta cells. So it has been
used curatively for type 1. And type 2 diabetes, it's usually the accumulation of large amounts
of anti-metabolic PUFA in the body. And so if you just try to increase your sugar consumption,
you're going to be adding calories to a system which is simply metabolically slow. You've got to
first repair the metabolic process that has accumulated over years, usually with overweight
of fat tissue that contains a lot of unsaturated fats. Every time you get hungry, you pull
pre-fatty acids into your bloodstream that turn off your ability to oxidize sugar.
And so in that kind of diabetes, the problem is to get your metabolism going again.
And you can't just correct the problem by flooding the system with more carbohydrate.
Interesting. Mary says she's 70, and she says, "It seems the past few months I get several
episodes of facial flushing and feeling of heat and can feel my ears turn red." Can Dr. Peat have
any suggestions of what could be going on? The same as with hot flashes, they can happen to
men or women, young women. Anytime your metabolism is disturbed, your blood sugar falling,
just a brief dip in your blood sugar will turn on things like nitric oxide production,
causing vasodilation. And so experimenters have cured nocturnal hot flushes, night sweats,
by having them drink a cup of starch solution or eating a big cup of rice or ice cream or
some carbohydrate at bedtime. Just keeping your blood sugar up can momentarily stop the
hot flushes. But the basic problem is getting your energy system efficient, making sure your thyroid
and vitamin D and calcium intake are adequate.
Well, you know, Doctor, I've been drinking lots of orange juice, thanks to you and
my friend, Adam Bergstrom. And sometimes if I do my fasting blood sugar in the morning,
I mean, it's dead on 80, 85. So, you know, it's not making me blood sugar crazy or anything.
And there's a lot of sugar in orange juice, isn't there? Yeah, but also potassium.
Potassium. So that balances out, right? Yeah, the potassium itself fills in for insulin.
Do you think it's worth it to go ahead and get the organic oranges and juice them yourself or
get the pasteurized? Do you think it's worth the effort? Any big difference for the body,
in your opinion? I was trying it for a while, but it was very hard to find
organic oranges consistently sweet. Sweetness is the overriding thing. You don't want sour
orange juice every morning. Not good. Not good. But you drink it throughout the day.
I'm kind of getting the idea. I don't know. Yeah, all day, intermittently.
But it has to be reasonably sweet. Yeah. And it's hard to find just really good organic orange.
When is the real season for oranges in Florida? Is it in the winter or the summer?
In a climate like that, I think you have three orange seasons.
Do you think there's any concern with the non-organic oranges of taking up
chemicals, glyphosates and stuff? Oh, sure. But in oranges that you're suspicious of, just
not only wash them, but don't get around the peeling. But with organic oranges,
you can make marmalade of the peeling. Well, Doc, thanks so much for being here every month. We just
really enjoy it. And what's your latest newsletter on? It's going to be on the same subject,
the bad adaptive processes that we're exposed to constantly promoting aging,
how it relates to inflammation and how to resist the pro-inflammatory forces.
So I guess there could be a good argument. We make it through all this silliness going on in
the world with whatever. They're all going to be stronger, right? On the other end? We adapt?
The survivors, yeah. The survivors. Good. Well, I hope you're one of them. We hope you stick around
as long as you like. So thanks a lot. It's an honor and we love you and your work. And
it's raypeat.com, his newsletter, raypeat's newsletter at gmail.com. Thanks a lot, sir.
We'll see you. Okay. Thank you. Bye-bye. Yeah, man. It's great, huh?
So great we get a chance to talk to all these people. I learned so much.
Yeah, folks, if you haven't really had a lot of orange, drink of some orange juice,
I don't know about you, but I just love it. I've just been drinking a lot of it.
Middle of the night, juicing oranges. In the morning, it's really, I don't know. I do really
well with it. Not sure you will, but it's worth playing around with. And you don't have to juice
your own. You can get organic pasteurized oranges at the hippie food store. It's fine.
Well, I guess we're just going to go now and we'll see you tomorrow. Dr. Carrie Maddy,
Maddy, Maddy. And she's a feisty girl. So we're going to talk a lot about what's going on in the
world of injectable medical devices, what's going on in the world of censorship, medical tyranny,
if you will. I don't know how we've even lasted this long, but we still post a few things on
Faceplant. And we're going to go ahead and stream some more of what Mike Lindell is doing. He
launched his stream. He's a cool guy. He launched his stream on, what's the name of it? Frank
speech.com. We ran some this morning and I think we're going to run some more now.
And you're going to have a chance to get on this Frank stream. And evidently they're going to do
things like YouTube kind of things and videos and also a social media thing. And there'll be millions
and he is suing Dominion Software for $1.6 billion. Pretty serious about it. He hired
who do you hire? Helen Dershowitz, one of the top
first amendment free speech attorneys in the world, really. And so, you know, Lindell,
even though he was, you know, bringing out all this material against Dominion for in support
of President Trump and this coup d'etat that he believed happened. It's just not going to be
this some conservative platform and all for the right wing and all that. He wants everybody to
join. And it's just about free speech and just to have a conversation about ideas. And it's about
free speech and not about left or right. And it's going to be great. I think we're going to, all of
us should move more into embracing everybody that disagrees with the left, right thing. You know,
that's a trap. Free speech is what it's about. And that's really what we're up against with the
Googles and the YouTubes and the face plant and Twitters and Instagram and all those places.
This is what they're about. It's not about, you know, it's just they have an agenda. And if you
don't, if you're opposite their agenda, baby, well, they'll just poof you off. So we'll explore it.
We may get on there and do some stuff. We'll see what it's all about. And I don't see it running
right now. They may have already hacked them. They hacked them all weekend. But he had about
10 million people that were watching this morning. So he's the fellow, you know, the MyPillow guy,
MyPillow.com, that they sued him. They said that he lied about the material that he put out there.
But he said, no, I got proof. It's, you know, Chinese commies, they were just stealing boats
and they stole a chameleon of them the night of in November in 2020. So, you know, we'll just stay
in touch with you. We'll see you tomorrow. I love you all very much. Love you. Thank you. And we'll
see you at 10 o'clock tomorrow. May the blessings be. Nothing is more expensive than bad information.
Know the source. OneRadioNetwork.com.
you
[BLANK_AUDIO]